Added SQL server Debezium (#835)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/kafka/kafka-connect/howto/debezium-source-connector-sql-server.rst

Create a Debezium source connector for SQL Server
==================================================

> 

Reviewer: Strictly speaking this is where you introduce CDC, so you can even add "(CDC)" here and omit it later.
But your current approach also works for me.

> The SQL Server Debezium source connector is based on the `change data capture feature <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/track-changes/about-change-data-capture-sql-server?view=sql-server-2017>`, extracts the database changes captured in specific `change tables <https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/sqlserver.html>`_ on a polling interval, and writes them to an Apache Kafka® topic in a standard format where they can be transformed and read by multiple consumers.

Reviewer: there is an issue with the url - `change tables <https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/sqlserver.html>`_

> The SQL Server Debezium source connector is based on the `change data capture feature <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/track-changes/about-change-data-capture-sql-server?view=sql-server-2017>`, extracts the database changes captured in specific `change tables <https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/sqlserver.html>`_ on a polling interval, and writes them to an Apache Kafka® topic in a standard format where they can be transformed and read by multiple consumers.

Reviewer: I'd split the long sentence into two, like this - 
```suggestion
The SQL Server Debezium source connector is based on the `change data capture feature <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/track-changes/about-change-data-capture-sql-server?view=sql-server-2017>`_. The connector extracts the database changes that are captured in a specific `change table <https://debezium.io/documentation/reference/stable/connectors/sqlserver.html>`_, and writes them to an Apache Kafka® topic in a standard format where they can be transformed and read by multiple consumers. The extraction happens on a polling interval.
```

I also rephrased it a bit to add more short sentences. "on a polling interval" sounds a bit weird to me, but I can't find a synonym.

.. _connect_debezium_sql_server_schema_versioning:

> Enable CDC in SQL Server

Reviewer: I think SQL is not in our list of accepted terms

Author: fixed

------------------------

> The Change Data Capture (CDC) needs to be enabled at database level and table level.

Reviewer: I think this would sound better if it is active language and also if it has "why" part :)

Author: added thanks!

        "connector.class": "io.debezium.connector.sqlserver.SqlServerConnector",
        "database.hostname": "SQLSERVER_HOST",
        "database.port": "SQLSERVER_PORT",
        "database.user": "SQLSERVER_USER",
        "database.password": "SQLSERVER_PASSWORD",
        "database.dbname": "SQLSERVER_DATABASE_NAME",
        "database.server.name": "KAFKA_TOPIC_PREFIX",
        "table.include.list": "SQLSERVER_TABLES",
        "tasks.max":"NR_TASKS",
        "poll.interval.ms": 500,
        "key.converter": "io.confluent.connect.avro.AvroConverter",
        "key.converter.schema.registry.url": "https://APACHE_KAFKA_HOST:SCHEMA_REGISTRY_PORT",
        "key.converter.basic.auth.credentials.source": "USER_INFO",
        "key.converter.schema.registry.basic.auth.user.info": "SCHEMA_REGISTRY_USER:SCHEMA_REGISTRY_PASSWORD",
        "value.converter": "io.confluent.connect.avro.AvroConverter",
        "value.converter.schema.registry.url": "https://APACHE_KAFKA_HOST:SCHEMA_REGISTRY_PORT",
        "value.converter.basic.auth.credentials.source": "USER_INFO",
        "value.converter.schema.registry.basic.auth.user.info": "SCHEMA_REGISTRY_USER:SCHEMA_REGISTRY_PASSWORD",

>         "database.history.kafka.bootstrap.servers": "APACHE_KAFKA_HOST:APACHE_KAFKA_PORT",

Reviewer: Here we also need   "database.history.kafka.topic": "history", as in mysql example

* ``database.server.name``: the logical name of the database, dictates the prefix that will be used for Apache Kafka topic names. The resulting topic name will be the concatenation of the ``database.server.name`` and the table name.
* ``tasks.max``: maximum number of tasks to execute in parallel. By default this is 1, the connector can use at most 1 task for each source table defined. Replace ``NR_TASKS`` with the amount of parallel task based on the number of input tables.
* ``poll.interval.ms``: the frequency of the queries to the CDC tables.
* ``database.history.kafka.bootstrap.servers``: points to the Aiven for Apache Kafka service where the connector is running and is needed to store :ref:`schema definition changes <connect_debezium_sql_server_schema_versioning>`
* ``database.history.producer`` and ``database.history.consumer``: points to truststores and keystores pre-created on the Aiven for Apache Kafka node to handle SSL authentication

    .. Warning::

>         The values defined for each ``database.history.producer`` and ``database.history.consumer`` parameters are already set to work with the predefined truststore and keystore created in the Aiven for Apache Kafka nodes. Therefore, they **should not be changed**.

Reviewer: extra unnecessary line

* ``key.converter`` and ``value.converter``:  defines the messages data format in the Apache Kafka topic. The ``io.confluent.connect.avro.AvroConverter`` converter pushes messages in Avro format. To store the messages schema we use Aiven's `Karapace schema registry <https://github.com/aiven/karapace>`_ as specified by the ``schema.registry.url`` parameter and related credentials.

    .. Note::

>         The ``key.converter`` and ``value.converter`` sections are only needed when pushing data in Avro format. If omitted the messages will be defined in JSON format.

Reviewer: extra unnecessary line

        The ``USER_INFO`` is not a placeholder, no substitution is needed for that parameter.

Create a Kafka Connect connector with the Aiven Console
'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''

To create the connector, access the `Aiven Console <https://console.aiven.io/>`_ and select the Aiven for Apache Kafka® or Aiven for Apache Kafka Connect® service where the connector needs to be defined, then:

1. Click on the **Connectors** tab
2. Clink on **Create New Connector**, the button is enabled only for services :doc:`with Kafka Connect enabled <enable-connect>`.
3. Select the **Debezium - SQL Server**
4. Under the *Common* tab, locate the **Connector configuration** text box and click on **Edit**
5. Paste the connector configuration (stored in the ``debezium_source_sql_server.json`` file) in the form
6. Click on **Apply**

>     .. note::

Reviewer: extra unnecessary line

      The Aiven Console parses the configuration file and fills the relevant UI fields. You can review the UI fields across the various tabs and change them if necessary. The changes will be reflected in JSON format in the **Connector configuration** text box.

7. After all the settings are correctly configured, click on **Create new connector**

>     .. Tip::

Reviewer: extra unnecessary line
